# Community-Management

Building a website for the community which the occupants access to raise a request and the management to resolve a complaint. This website has updated information about the community.

Compared to workplace applications, electronic applications offer a wide range of business benefits. These applications can be accessed from any PC via the web, rather than being installed independently on all PCs you wish to access. Internet deployment is commonly referred to as Software as a Service (SaaS), where applications operate in a cloud-based, cloud-based environment; for example, the introduction of cloud-based email categories has given customers the ability to receive email faster without having to submit a workplace email client. SaaS applications transmit large business benefits through a local system. SaaS applications can be applied to many applications and will work consistently in each operating framework, regardless of the update or form used. This directs critical thinking and, in the light of each client's consistency. Fortunately most workplace programs can be built into an electronic program, which means you can use them anywhere, on any mobile gadget. This gives the client a decision on when and where to use the application, improving flexible performance within organizations to create a useful and useful staff. Content within electronic applications can be customized for use on various gadgets, such as mobile. This makes the app easy to understand, and good to use since the introduction of data can be customized. 

Indeed, it is more straightforward to integrate online applications than with standard workplace applications. Electronic editing can also accept system-based changes. This supports flexible performance and ensures that representatives have a product that is readily available at any given time. Electronic applications provide a much more unique ability to integrate with different environments than workplace applications. The closed system is distinguished by comparisons with electronic applications, which are highly interoperable. This is because web applications can be successfully connected together rather than two completely different frameworks. Transferring SaaS applications is a straightforward cycle to be implemented throughout the business. Access is granted when the product is introduced to the host server. Whenever there is a redesign this can be used with the hosting server without the need to update each machine. This means that new programs or redesigns are done successfully, and support can be drawn on an important issue. The time it takes to make changes is reduced, and the framework is trustworthy. Similarly, as it is easy to make updates, it is also easy to increase the app's ability to develop your business. Since you need multiple cycles to happen all the time, your online editing can also work. Also, where problems occur, servers can be completely replaced without impact across the entire framework. This, according to these lines, reduces any personal time you may have in some way.
#### Deployment
1.	Install xammp
2.	Turn on mysql and apahce
3.	Open PHP my admin
4.	Add the sql file in thedatabase
5.	Then start the program by localhost:8080/admin
6.	Use the cered  admin, admin for the admin
7.	Click and enjoy
